---
title: FAQ
---
## Frequently Asked Questions

_**Can I save the information I entered on GEM?**_  
Yes.  To save the information, click on Continue located on the bottom of the GEM website editor page or use `Alt + S`.  After the successful submission of your website, click on Save Website.  You will have the option to name the file you want to save.  This file will usually be saved in the Download Folder of your computer or mobile device.

_**How do I load a previous saved website?**_  
On the GEM website editor page, click on Options on the bottom of the page.  On the list of options, click on Open Website.  It will asked you to select a website file.  Select the file you have previously saved on the website editor.  This file is usually located in the Download Folder of your computer or mobile device.  You can also use `Alt + W` to open a website.

_**Do you place advertisements on a published website?**_  
No.  We do not place advertisements on any published website other than a single, customizable, drop-down button to advertise a product or service.  You can choose to remove it for a one time charge.

_**Can the website be viewed on mobile devices?**_  
This will depend on what theme you are using on the website.  All of the currently available themes can be viewed on mobile devices.

_**Can I customize the look of my website?**_  
You can add or modify a Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) for any website you create.  To add or modify a CSS, click on Options located on the bottom of the GEM website editor page or use `Alt + O`.  In the Options window, click on Edit CSS.  For CSS examples, [click here](http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_examples.asp).

_**Can I add icons to my website? If so, how?**_  
Yes, adding icons is easy.  To add Font Awesome icons to a Page Name, right-click on the Page Name field.  To add icons in the contents of any page, use the Insert Icon toolbar button, or right-click on the toolbar of the contents area.  For more information on Font Awesome icons, [click here](http://fontawesome.io).
